# SocialQuest
Social Quest is a World of Warcraft add-on that currently targets The Burning Crusade Anniversary Edition. The purpose of this add-on is to allow players to coordinate their questing in a more seemless manner. For Social Quest to work, both players wishing to coordinate need to have the add-on installed.  Once they do, this add-on offers a number of useful features.

Social Quest will share quest data quietly behind the scenes allowing players to easily see each other's progress and also get update messages on screen for various events.  This is a rich group of add-on settings that can be accessed and changed via the add-on options tab. Typical use of this add-on is so that all players will get quick banner announcements on screen as each player progresses on their quest objectives as well as announcements when each player completes their quest and a message when all party members have completed the quest.  You can also configure this to broadcast messages into party chat, raid chat, bg chat, whisper to friends.  Yes I realize that most people don't want these, which is why most of these chat broadcast options are toggled off by default.  They simply exist for those scenarios when a guild might want to use that for whatever reason.  People should use common sense and not spam guildies or raid mates unless everyone is cool with that, it should not have to be said.

Another big advantage of social quest is the quest frame.  It has 3 tabs, one for quests that are shared by the group, one for your own quests and finally a tab for all party quests.  If you have Questie or Quest Weaver installed, it can recognize quest chains using those addons and organize quest data appropriately, also notifying when someone else is on a different step in the same chain.

All of this is currently evolving rapidly, so for now assume it will change often and break things until it settles.
